Add a user guide (#140)
strata-org/jverify: INSTALL.md

JVerify can currently only be used by building it from source. 

1. Ensure the dotnet runtime version 8 or higher is installed on your machine. More information can be found [here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/).
1. Check out the JVerify repository and its submodules, for example using `git clone https://github.com/aws/jverify --recurse-submodules`.
1. Navigate to the JVerify repository directory.

> 1. Run `gradle installDist`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `./gradlew installDist` (for Mac OS or Linux systems) or `./gradlew.bat installDist` (for Windows)
```

> 1. Run `dotnet build dafny/Source/Dafny.sln` to build Dafny, a tool used by JVerify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `make -C dafny exe` to build [Dafny](https://dafny.org/), a tool used by JVerify.
```
